README.md, before:

# HYPERFLORA

## TODO
- watch approval queue
- favicon
- flag video for review button
- add approved timestamp
- store video length
- variables for backgrounds and colors
- compress images (especially kaleidoscope)

- ~~admin page indicator that video is not in everything~~
- ~~"watch on hyperflora" button~~
- ~~dropdown above button if near bottom on admin page~~
- ~~admin video controls when logged in~~
- ~~shorter unique urls~~
- ~~paused indicator~~
- ~~fullscreen toggle~~
- ~~password protect admin page~~
- ~~restructure app.js and api~~
- ~~breakpoints~~
- ~~refactor css~~
- ~~submit update request on dropdown close~~
- ~~play/pause button~~
- ~~hide related videos (and other youtube stuff)~~
- ~~'remove from everything' toggle~~
- ~~hide channel select when unfocused~~
- ~~download database page~~
- ~~watch history~~
- ~~find a replacement for the food channel~~

## TODO before launch
- a whole lot
- find better hosting
- waaaaaaay more videos
- better channel banners
- test on other browsers
- ~~secure the api/admin page~~

## TODO someday maybe
- vimeo support

## known bugs
- video sometimes doesn't play if skip is clicked several times

Commit message:

added button to watch with current search on admin page

README.md, after:

# HYPERFLORA

## TODO
- favicon
- flag video for review button
- add approved timestamp
- store video length
- variables for backgrounds and colors
- compress images (especially kaleidoscope)

- ~~put helper methods in other function~~
- ~~watch with search params~~
- ~~admin page indicator that video is not in everything~~
- ~~"watch on hyperflora" button~~
- ~~dropdown above button if near bottom on admin page~~
- ~~admin video controls when logged in~~
- ~~shorter unique urls~~
- ~~paused indicator~~
- ~~fullscreen toggle~~
- ~~password protect admin page~~
- ~~restructure app.js and api~~
- ~~breakpoints~~
- ~~refactor css~~
- ~~submit update request on dropdown close~~
- ~~play/pause button~~
- ~~hide related videos (and other youtube stuff)~~
- ~~'remove from everything' toggle~~
- ~~hide channel select when unfocused~~
- ~~download database page~~
- ~~watch history~~
- ~~find a replacement for the food channel~~

## TODO before launch
- a whole lot
- find better hosting
- waaaaaaay more videos
- better channel banners
- test on other browsers
- ~~secure the api/admin page~~

## TODO someday maybe
- vimeo support

## known bugs
- video sometimes doesn't play if skip is clicked several times
